The lady is sorry for the misunderstanding.
I hope this design draft will satisfy you. yes?
Let you come. You, a young career student, dare to come here and cause chaos, get out of here right away.
Disciple, I am very satisfied with this design.
I think our cooperation with Lu Shi,
We can continue together.
Ms. A Ming, this must be a misunderstanding.
This is really a misunderstanding. it's her,
These are what hurt me. Sorry sorry.
Give me a few more episodes, please.
Mr. Zhang, don’t talk nonsense.
That design draft clearly has your relatives, relatives, relatives, relatives, relatives, relatives, relatives, and it will be me.
you don't understand you know
After all, he is not as good as a human being
So I designed it early in the morning
Insure my work
The person you found is indeed
Your Majesty, Miss
Don't mess with my designer
Continue to discuss the details of the gift
please go out
Not one piece